how's it going guys massively golden
here with a shorter video today we're
just going to be taking a look at
lubricants for speedcubing or even just
cubing in general so if you're new to
speed cubing or you want to learn it's a
good idea to still lubricate your cube
because it's going to help your wrists
from getting sore it's going to make it
more enjoyable if it's a smooth view
you're going to be able to cut corners
and learn finger tricks much better so
that's just something to think about now
the types of lubricants I mean there's
tons out there guys I'm going to go
through what I use currently and I'm
always changing I'm always trying out
new stuff but one thing to be wary is
you want to kind of do a test sort of
small little test on each cube you're
going to lubricate before you go and
spray a ton of stuff in there because
some of these brands actually act
differently depending on the plastic so
just be careful before you go spraying
it like crazy because I've had cubes go
from being really good to being really
bad after you know just spraying it in
so let's go through here this is ultra
slick it's just a silicone lubricant
doesn't work very good if you're in
Canada like myself yeah I'd stay away
from this one it it works okay and it's
better than Vaseline which you don't
want to use you want to stay away from
petroleum lubricants so keep that in
your head the next one we're going to go
through is we'll take a look at the
sprays first is jiggle ooh this is
really good it's also extremely strong
smelling and corrosive to plastic uh
with that being said when you spray this
in what I do is I'll take out a QB just
like that I'll give it a little like one
two three squirts put put the QB back in
and right after that you
to work it in right away so do a bunch
of solving maybe turn it around take
another QBO put a little bit in avoid
getting this stuff on your desk don't
spray it in the house try and avoid
getting it on the outside plastic
because if it stays there it can cause
discoloration and stuff like that so
good stuff very good
if you're in Canada but you know open up
the windows and wear a mask or something
now these the less more the less you
know I don't know what what you call it
like environmentally friendly or the
more environmentally friendly or
whatever is these uh syringe types well
dropping it here but what these are
gonna do is the same thing as these
these are just silicone but they don't
smell as bad and they're not like
automotive type they're more like I said
you know environmentally friendly I
think I mean they don't smell or
anything this is the rubix calm I think
DIY one it's actually pretty good
it's like Marui Lube or whatever it's
just white same sort of thing I can't
hold all the things today but you just
open it up you can even put it inside or
you can just put it inside here put it
in and just work it in a bit do some
finger tricks and all that stuff so now
I saved the best for last this is my
method of lubricating a cube I go with
the lube x10 cc and what you want to do
is a little bit different you wanna if
you have a DIY when you're setting it up
you want to lubricate your Springs to
reduce the spring noise all of that
stuff the hardware you're going to put
all this lubricant in there and it's
going to stay in there and it's going to
give you a really smooth cube so the way
I do it is I do the Springs with this
now then I go in and I hit it with a
little jiggle loop but very small amount
like one spray and the reason for that
is give real only context I worry about
our I don't know if you guys if this
isn't focused really but you just want
to get like the edges here
even with Lube --ax sometimes I'll put
some Lube excite in the edges there you
don't need to worry about the whole
phases of the pieces because those will
just get smooth overtime and your
fingers are constantly like hitting it
and stuff so you're just going to rub
that Lube off really quick that's the
way I used to lube cubes I used to just
lay them all out spray them like crazy
the key would be super fast for like a
day but you know that lubes you're going
to fall off and you're back to a real
squeaky springy bad cube so make sure
you do I would say on every cube that
you buy if you're going to be using it
lubricate your hardware inside your cube
so that's pretty much how I do it with
bigger cubes if I reach over here and
grab my seven meza if you're gonna do
this I like to hit it just straight-up
gigolo
I don't worry about going in with like
Lee Bix or anything because I'm lazy I
mean you can go and do the Springs if
you want but what I do is I just kind of
open it up a bit like that and these
have straws on them and just stick it in
give it a few squirts work it in go to
the opposite like corner and you know
open it up again so you can fit the
straw on there and hit it with a few
squirts and that should be good I mean
I'm not speed solving necessarily huge
heap so I don't worry too much about it
just like the two bow to it I do the
same thing just open it up spray it in
and I found that the two by twos really
respond well to jiggly especially the
v-cube is my
so you can see I mean it's pretty good I
mean I'm not great at finger trips but
you know it's a good cute so that's
pretty much it guys I would say any
silicone sprays mixed with Rubik's or
there's this stuff called shock oil at
hobby stores you can get same thing
silicone high viscosity or whatever and
it's good this is like a goo all right
so when you get it you might think it's
really sticky but when you use it for
the hardware it gives you a nice slick
area for the springs to turn without
that squeaky noise so you know you
should be able to spin your cube and it
should go all the way around like 360 no
problem so great this is the goo hyung
if you're wondering highly recommend
that cube also I did the same thing with
the a long I can even do any finger
chair so it's pretty good I suck but
annoys great cubes these can turn your
cubes into like any cube almost into a
decent speed cube and thanks for
watching comment below on your method of
lubricating I know CRC is another good
brand but if you found some diamond in
the rough share it with us in the
comments below hopefully I helped you
out a little bit and thanks for watching
guys see you the next video